Web on android update (#5517)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/web-on-android/index.md

functionality like permissions or push notifications, making it hard to achieve consistency for
users.

#### Security Considerations for using WebView as an in-app browser

WebView gives the embedder application full access to the rendered content, including cookies and
the DOM. Those are powerful features that require a high level of trust from users.

Since WebView is not intended as a framework for building browsers, it lacks security features
available in modern browsers.

##### Multi-process architecture and site isolation

Browsers are designed to be secure while rendering and executing content that is untrusted. To
ensure the user stays safe while navigating content that is potentially untrustworthy or even
malicious, modern browsers employ techniques such as using [multi-process architecture][9] and
[site isolation][10].

> Without the multi-process architecture, a crash caused by the web page can crash the entire browserapp, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without the multi-process architecture, a crash caused by the web page can crash the entire browser app, or
```

layer of security that makes it harder for untrustworthy sites to access and steal information from
other sites.

Until Android 8.0 Oreo, the WebView renderer used the same process as the embedder application. On
newer versions of the OS, and when devices are capable enough, the renderer runs in a different
process. However, a single process is still shared between all pages and WebView instances running
them, making it impossible to fully implement site isolation.

The lack of a multi-process architecture and site isolation is not an issue for applications that
render content that they own and trust, but can be a problem for applications running untrusted
third-party content, like in-app browsers, and leaves users exposed to vulnerabilities like
[Meltdown][11] and [Spectre][12], which could be used for stealing cookies, banking details,
personal information, and more.

##### Secure UI Indicators

It is also important to provide good security indicators to users, and browsers put a lot of effort
and are [always evolving][13] in this area. However, the WebView lacks an API for checking if a

> site's connection is secure, which allows application developers to build trustworthy security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
site's connection is secure that allows application developers to build trustworthy security
```
